a scaled back White House welcome for
Australian prime minister Anthony
albanesi US President Joe Biden invited
albanesi to talk trade China and
security but it was Israel's war in Gaza
that was the focus you have stood up for
a simple principle the principle that
every innocent life matters Israeli and
Palestinian a growing number of nations
are encouraging Biden to press the is
prime minister to delay a ground
Invasion to save civilian lives but in a
Rose Garden news conference Biden
admitted the ultimate decision lies with
Benjamin Netanyahu what I have indicated
to him is that if that's possible to get
these folks out safely that's what he
should do it's their decision but I did
not demand it and Biden questioned
whether the number of Palestinian
casualties provided by gaza's Hamas run
Health Ministry was even accurate I'm
sure Innocents have been killed and it's
the price of waging a war but I have no
confidence in the number that the
Palestinians are
using the United Nations warns water
fuel and medicine is now scarce in Gaza
civilians say there's no safe place to
go as Israel continues to prep for a
ground Invasion it's an operation Biden
on Wednesday continues to support
there's no going back to the status quo
as it stood on October the 6th that
means ensuring Hamas can no longer
terrorize Israel President Biden says he
supports an independent Palestinian
State living equally alongside Israel
what's known as the two-state solution
but only when Israel's war is over will
he call on Regional and global leaders
to help achieve peace Kimberly H at Al
jazer the White House